piring piring
cek cek
obah oyag
medan enggon
serikat pakumpulan
wisa racun
ageman raksukan
upah gajih
daya tanagi
koin récéh
arsip berkas
internal internal
sak botol
insting insting
peta péta
urutan untuy
asta kokod
rekening rekening
asmara pande
moto soca
gerbang gapura
pendekar jawara
gerbong gerbong
kenduri pesta
babad warta
wadon bikang
hasrat itikad
tentreman katengtreman
piaraan ingu.
pandamel gawéna
jurnal jurnal
tagihan tagiheun
argumen pandapat
godhong kalakay
nduwe gaduh
turah sesa
ukara ungkara
golf golep
wit tangkal
nafsu kahoyong
oyot akar
pitunjuk pituduh
liting grup
cangkrang kuris
ijenan nyalira
kanca kentel
gelut pacogregan
federisasi organisasi
penyakit panyakit
simbol labél
lakok kamudi
sekretaris sekretaris
mlaku jalan
irung irung
kangelan kasulitan
homo hama
gelas lumur
ngaleh ngalih
petir kingkilaban
biola biola
surung surung
carita serat
ugal galak
kakung bujang
pihak pihak
ruangan rohangan
delta muara
kethek monyét
noda kokotor
sistem sistem
lanang lalaki
manjing gawe
lengen leungeun
panggung panggung
joged ngigel
njogedan tandakan
planet planet
endhut taneuh
ongko angka
cangkem baham
wedhus gibas
bujangan bujang
edisi edisi
dana artos
ageman anggoeun
pacet pacet
pang catang
oyot jangkar
formulir formulir
arsip kumpulan
remi kartu
gelonggong enggon
jaran kuda
paduko kangjeng
takdir takdir
wisa warangan
karet karét
hadhiah hadiah
omongan sawala
resiko mamala
karate karate
berkas polder
badan awak
tiyang sepuh
hamba kuring
pucuk pucuk
radio radio
tungkak keuneung
sandiworo carita
pemanah pamanah
lugur ragrag
bujangan lalaki
kakang lanceuk
kuburan pajaratan
lare budak
tutuk baham
sosok sosok
ambisi tékad
konstruksi konstruksi
perkakas parabot
ponakan alo
pesta hajatan
raka raka
sawung jawara
piatu piatu
uwuh runtah
gulu beuheung
nuklir nuklir
rupo mangrupa
pendukung pangarojong
mripat soca
cet cét
tembang tembang
bujangan pameget
pecandu pacandu
wedok bikang
pertahanan pataneuhan
dokter dokter
gudoan doja
wali parwakilan
bangsa bangsa
pengalaman kanyaho
kanca kentel
rega pangaos
nafsu itikad
mutlak pasti
pacul pacul
kode isarat
pitunjuk paréntah
terminal terminal
gething mikangéwa
kacamata tasma
gaun raksukan
lobi lobi
ski ski
gantolan gantungan
kenduri hajatan
beluk lebu
padang caang
kunjungan kadatangan
ijin ijin
ahli saéhu
gawe hajat
kemah kémah
soal soal
koran koran
wisa peurah
omah rohangan
cah enom
penyiar panyiar
sumringah kagumbiraan
irung pangambung
blumbang kulah
bos pingpininan
bajing bajing
kekarepan tékad
emak ambu
kabeh kabéh
dulur karabat
lawang panto
kakang raka
kosokan sikat
asep saab
kubur astana
asep kebul
warung toko
tetakonan wawancara
cocog tanding
nyikso nyiksa
jurusan jurusan
batin sanubari
peramal jalmi
badan salira
petir kilat
bengi wengi
jadwal acara
anggen-anggen anggoeun
abu-abu abu-abu
gawean jieunan
apel apel
odhol odol
lawas heubeul
kosokan kosokeun
rute jalur
moyang luluhur
kanggo nganggo
engetan ingetan
ngelak halabhab
godhong daun
dlacang keretas
nggoleki néangan
siaran siaran
kathok calana
penawar panawar
asosiasi paguyuban
kandhang kandang
malaikat malaikat
sirah sirah
jantung manah
dalem imah
jin jin
kampus kampus
paningal soca
lare murangkalih
sumringah kabungahan
semesta marcapada
panginepan panginepan
moyang karuhun
kabel kabel
cekelan cekelan
maksude amrih
wedok nyai
nelayan pamayang
tanggal kaping
kekal salawasna
kerja usaha
carita sajarah
komitmen jangji
macem rupi
pangucapan logat
jurang jungkrang
pigora pigura
wiji siki
sandi kode
pungkasan panungtungan
jaler pameget
penyakit kasakit
asmara asmara
duratmaka bangsat
kargo momotan
kali wahangan
bahan bahan
suster suster
permanen tetep
manajemen manajemen
mlampah mapah(jalan
polisi pulisi
tambahan tambihan
ibuk indung
cariyos talatah
pandeleng panon
wulu bulu
dom jarum
agni seuneu
elingan kaémutan
fisika fisika
buku buku
kapas boeh
wong tuwo
menungso jalmi
nggabung di-hiji-keun
semut sireum
penjalukan itikad
kabar warta
sukarelawan sukarélawan
bea acis
kedokteran kadokteran
karangan wadul
jarene ceuk
ketentreman katengtraman
bayaran gaji
kanca réréncangan
saklempakan rombongan
pejuang pajoang
kubur pajaratan
ranjang risbang
kuburan kaluat
guyonan bobodoran
jadwal hajat
pesta acara
mak'e ibu
biru paul
warga babakan
gandulan gantungan
alangan wagel
ambungan sun
cariyos carios
bungkus bulen
kelepatan kalepatan
roti mari
basa basa
bisu pireu
werna warna
jemparing panah
keluputan kasalahan
sultan raja
memori kaã¨mutan
ajaran ajaran
wong jelema
sederek wargi
kringet luut-léét
delta delta
dalem bumi
mas aa
werna pulas
bayaran upah
ukuran titis-tulis
daging daging
joged ibingan
sistem sistim
kontrak kontrak
pangimpen impi
lomba balap
udan hujan
lulang kulit
jinis seks
antik antik
penembak panémbak
nyebrang meuntas
departemen departemén
penjalukan kapalay
krungu kadangu
serangga gegemetan
kesenengan kabagjaan
ruh arwah
sirah hulu
deputi députi
organisasi paguyuban
mas raka
gerbang gerbang
bocah rayi
listrik listrik
sukmo nyawa
sosial sosial
rai raray
arek budak
ngipat-ipati kutukan
parasit mangandeuh
gepukan babukan
duso kalepatan
seratan catetan
suku dampal
turunane turunan
tol tol
mesem gelenyu
drakula vampir
pacar bebene
bea artos
dewan wawakil
carita warta
padu pacogregan
ambisi napsu
permen permén
menungso manusa
mitos mitos
kanca kenthel
petukan amprok
ngelatih ngajar
perusahaan pausahaan
kelawu kulawu
raka kaka
abstrak niskala
keranjang tolombong
posisi posisi
pandamel nu
kandidat calon
rambut buuk
weteng patuangan
gupernur gubernur
bandar agén
jantung haté
ngimpi impi
jawaben waleran
tiyang manusa
sirah mastaka
rakyat rahayat
busur busur
urusan priyogi
dalem panyicingan
fakta kanyataan
macan maung
perdagangan paicalan
utomo utami
sedulur wedet
andha tarajé
cara cara
manuk manuk
rasa salera
wartawan wartawan
kandung kandung
mak'e indung
agenda acara
panggon tempat
tang tang
inggil luhur
menowo kamungkinan
pekok bodo
demit jurig
karangan bohong
udut udud
mlaku leumpang(jalan
crita carios
laboratorium laboratorium
preian liburan
peserta pamilon
ali -
gembok borgol
panginepan pangrereban
gerhono samagaha
keponakan alo
zat jat
wong kenthir
mesem mesem
kampret goblog
regetan runtah
padu galungan
petani patani
buruh pagawé
eyang kakung
maklumat tulisan
prajurit soldadu
departemen departemén
kode kode
ndhuwur jangkung
rojo sultan
banteng bénténg
lanang jajaka
agenda hajatan
panyumpenan impi
demit iblis
bos juragan
banda pakaya
ukara kalimah
kubur kaluat
hobi langen
ponsel telepon
bangsat bandit
usaha ihtiar
ampeyan cokor
arek rayi
jalur jalur
peteng poék
kejujuran kajujuran
akses akses
jemek biyé
sederek wedet
jantung jajantung
dewean pribados
kebekten kahormatan
pelatih palatih
wengi wengi
lembar kebet
pemikiran pamikiran
doro japati
panggonan imah
polpen pulpén
istana karaton
sak kantong
pager pager
ali -
mesem seuri
pak lek
peri peri
teroris téroris
sanding gigir
anugrah kasinugrahan
biaya bayareun
crita carita
gendhis gula
silihan injeuman
arak bir
panuntun pituduh
pirengan dangu
pageblug musibah
nglarang wagel
mangan dahar
japa mantra
uskup uskup
mejo meja
mangkok mangkok
wadon mojang
emak ibu
tim tim
mbahas obrolan
wedok mojang
sarapan sasarap
psikologi psikologi
kartun kartun
dugaan tudingeun
pacoban cocobi
pin bros
sisih kidul
rupa raray
tiyang jelema
kebon kebon
cah enom
jagad dunya
panyambung panghubung
griya bumi
konsultan konsultan
toya ci
penggawean kagiatan
bapak apa
kaset kasét
komitmen komitmen
lindu lindu
telpon telepon
kakung pameget
rakyat rakyat
formasi susunan
dhuwit artos
korsi korsi
mentok walungan
celeng bagong
got got
majaa jilid
pecut pecut
engetan kaémutan
mutiara mutiara
cangkem sungut
pengawasan pangawasan
kanca kenthel
serum ramuan
adus ibak
wedok awéwé
pelindung nu
balang balédog
peternakan paternakan
mantu minantu
kacung palayan
mode mode
tradisi tetekon
mblayu lumpat
pinter binékas
panel panél
surung di-surung
wabah pagebug
ukuran ukuran
prayaan acara
perak pérak
saiki ayeuna
jenius jenius
guyonan hereuy
keajuran kahancuran
robot robot
babi bagong
simah salaki
rundingan sawala
talenan sabebedan
kas kas
kutha kota
guyon ocon
esem seuri
biksu wiku
sarapan mumuluk
talenan beungkeutan
ungu gandaria
pajangan pajangan
jarak anggang
kuburan astana
biskuit kuéh
cangkir gelas
mak'e ema
agenda agénda
gawe agénda
kimia kimia
magang magang
peserta anu
jemek emoy
beldek guludug
gendhakan kabogoh
pajaleran sirit
alien alien
dewean pribadi
padang caang
pribadi nyalira
dhadha harigu
sukmo arwah
gelas basi
awang-awang kintenan
pager kuta
mayit layon
trowongan torowongan
donat donat
tirta banyu
kepitadosan kayakinan
padhemen panggemar
penampungan panampungan
bayu angin
alamat alamat
guru guru
sabun sabun
pinggir ujung
pesenan pesenan
mbahas cacariosan
organisasi grup
agenda hajat
pangalang harungan
bantal anggel
tandha sinyal
dewean nyalira
sepurane hampura
lorong gang
jadwal agénda
miyambakipun média
penthung tongkat
kesepian ngarasa
gusti pangéran
dalem rorompok
segitiga sagitiga
opera opera
lare anak
kiriman kiriman
simbol tanda
sarjana sarjana
kekendelan kawani
ilen-ilen talang
kanca kentel
juri juri
sapu sapu
swara sora
ban ban
dulur wargi
desa lembur
urusan kabutuhan
ukuran kadar
gelas gelas
kanca baturan
naga naga
tirta ci
ngapusi wadul
bocah murangkalih
patemon rapat
kuli tukang
griya panyicingan
emak mamah
panaliten raratan
kembang kembang
awak diri
mulut baham
kiyanat pangheanat
kentang kumeli
bis beus
beruang biruang
ibuk mamah
bocah anak
asta panangan
kebetahan kaperluan
wedhok bikang
bea harta
prungon béja
ulah raga
kewan sato
bapa bapa
akeh loba
pakar purah
awu haseup
irung pangambeu
putra rai
bojo pun
kalung kongkorong
raka aa
kiriman pasokan
pakar tukang
mampet buntu
hidayah ucapan
partai partai
prakiraan sangkaan
kepurunan kahayang
putra budak
sasaran inceran
ambisi itikad
mentok tungtung
komitmen sumpah
pamit widi
gelut galungan
cathetan catetan
kontak kontak
weteng lambut
praja wewengkon
teh téh
sisih no
luguran ragragan
rama abah
paguyuban kempelan
konspirasi konspirasi
wengi peuting
logam kencring
piaraan piaraan
lembar lembar
arek anak
mental méntal
kabar wawaran
weteng beuteung
rencang baturan
ekspedisi perjalanan
tiyang jalma
turu saré
padharan beuteung
asisten pangbantu
mbiyen baheula
kewontenan kaayaan
asmara parangi
kerja bisnis
pesta hajat
kewelasan kahanjelu
bedhilan tembakan
dhuwit harta
plat pelat
sumringah kabungah
kekajengan kahayang
hasrat napsu
penjalukan kahayang
kamanunggalan kasatuan
kakang pun
korupsi korupsi
watu batu
rega harga
bom bom
jaket jékét
preman préman
tekdir kulak
adhi rayi
sarang sarang
kenduri acara
jaler lalaki
nganggo larapan
musuh lawan
tahanan tahanan
garapan tugas
santa santa
las las
besetan guratan
kategori rupa
tirta cai
payung payung
séksi saksi
obahan gerakan
etungan itungan
wayahe giliran
arek murangkalih
warahi tata
plat plat
pola conto
turangga kuda
teknologi téknologi
koloni koloni
berkas berkas
sinyal sinyal
penjara panjara
tangki téngki
wadhah wadah
kamar pangkeng
produk produk
arga gunung
morotuwo mitoha
kekajengan tékad
asosiasi grup
sumpah sumpah
peramal dukun
pesen pesen
awan beurang
wakil utusan
klub klub
rai pemeunteu
mripat panon
kekal sainengna
langgeng sainengna
udut rokok
kenduri agénda
musuh musuh
suku sampean
padharan lambut
minggu minggon
kosokan panyikat
sekar kembang
tambahan tambahan
kakang aa
abang beureum
kekajengan kahoyong
baja malela
gelut jurit
kongkonan utusan
tembung kecap
anggen-anggen acuk
kedhuwuren kajangkungan
omongan cariosan
nomer angka
paguyuban paguyuban
mutan mutan
kanti nepi
toko warung
prungon wartos
lintang bentang
politisi pulitisi
kahuripan kahirupan
takar takaran
putra adi
nafsu napsu
pegawai pagawe
emas emas
sawung hébat
panatanan pangaturan
nada nada
puncak puncak
museum museum
ati ati
ongko nomer
panggonan panyicingan
untu huntu
bea duit
tang catut
sederek rerehan
ngaso minge
dalu wengi
sederek baraya
tradisi tabiat
durung acan
kegagalan kagagalan
rahasia rasiah
kuli saéhu
otot otot
kekaisaran kakaisaran
wadon istri
racun racun
ndonor nyumbang
penyerang panyerang
kekarepan itikad
warata cépér
porno cawokah
tonggo tangga
langgeng salawasna
kanca kentel
gandum gandum
ping wahangan
pawon dapur
lan jeung
kedugen kasumpingan
kaping tungtung
mlampah leumpang(jalan
getih getih
biksu biksu
tekdir titis
porno jorang
gaman pakarang
peti peti
garasi garasi
dolan ameng
ngisoran handapeun
ambu bau
daya tanaga
germo germo
dluwang keretas
bledug kebul
drajad darajat
gendhakan bebene
alangan hahalang
nyambut gawe
sekolah sakola
kertu kartu
kasur kasur
geguritan ugeran
taksi taksi
manjing damel
gelonggong tempat
pegawe kuli
pit motor
tresno resep
abot ampeg
omongan cacariosan
urutan runtuy
bangga agul
elmi élmu
alon alon
puteh bodas
wong tuwo
sopir sopir
wulan sasih
prungon larap
salim salim
band ben
ban kikiping
memori memori
ati jajantung
kapak baliung
reuni reuni
gendakan bobogohan
kain lawon
kargo kargo
keranjang karanjang
bungkus mungkus
koordinat koordinat
kondom kondom
lemah lemah
wawasan élmu
gelut konplik
lengen kokod
ajur ruksak
gething ceuceub
kapur apu
opsir opsir
ciu bir
kanca kenthel
pemegang panyekel
resep rumus
umpan eupan
gudang gudang
dowo paos
gedhang cau
tampil lalajoaneun
kebektosan kahormatan
asih layeut
kongkonan parwakilan
bendungan waduk
neroko naraka
pak lek
kaca eunteung
gepukan teunggeulan
wargi nu
jet jã¨t
jatos jati
hotel hotel
laporan laporan
kamar kobong
lanang bujang
bumi dunya
sing duwe
gebug teunggeul
bengi peuting
urusan peryogi
mlampah jalan
kakang akang
hubungan pancakaki
perlindungan panangtayungan
ucapan ucapeun
karbon karbon
bungkus mulen
panentrem panenang
rembulan bulan
madu madu
dana harta
direktur pupuhu
lenga lisah
woh buah
kaisar sultan
badan diri
prasaan raraosan
tawang langit
kawilujengan kasalametan
janji jangji
awak salira
ngapura hampura
sikil suku
ingon piaraan
wedos embé
pepadha tatangga
laptop laptop
garwa salaki
langgeng langgeng
paus paus
besetan gorétan
kiriman kikirim
beruang beruang
kesimpulan kasimpulan
lampu lampu
penyerangan nyerangan
cah budak
griya rohangan
sing nggawe
bank bank
peserta anu
karung karung
gerpu garpuh
taneman tutuwuhan
dana duit
kuliah kuliah
botol botol
rahasia rusiah
kidul kidul
sinar sinar
kebutuhan kabutuhan
sandera sandra
domba gibas
piaraan inguan
cah enom
putra rayi
kedokteran medis
pasokan kiriman
rencang rencang
rojo raja
banyu cai
tanggal tanggal
daerah wilayah
asep lebu
kabehane sadayana
satria kasatria
jus jus
serangan neror
isuk isuk-isuk
merek mérek
argumen pamadegan
lanang pameget
seneng resep
jendral jenderal
kekarepan kahayang
undangan ondangan
kunci konci
cangkir cangkir
ambisi kapalay
bandhulan aayunan
paguyuban grup
pembates pangwates
prajurit sersan
topi topi
biji siki
ati manah
wedian borangan
gorden kasang
siaran embaran
medan médan
perang gelut
abu-abu hawuk
borok raheut
kulkas lomari
prakiraan kintenan
tresna asih
rupa pemeunteu
gerobak gorobag
komputer komputer
ndonor mikeun
bisul raheut
driji ramo
alangan harungan
arak alkohol
rante rantã¨i
kartu kartu
wadon awéwé
aksara pegon
wakil parwakilan
amatir anyaran
tamu sémah
kulkas kulkas
wilangan jumlah
arsip arsip
warsa warsih
generator jénsét
sandhangan acuk
beluk haseup
sultan kaisar
tukaran pacogregan
buah unit
obah embut
lorong lurung
piaraan piaraan
kekarepan napsu
profesor profesor
korek korék
sutra sutra
wedi sieun
hawa hawa
pelembung budah
studi sakola
poto poto
sregep junun
godhong enom
ngenteni antos
koridor koridor
pacoban cocoba
tampil tampil
ngentut puak
kanca kenthel
dina dinten
got solokan
pedang gobang
program rarancang
gaun anggoeun
pemandangan tetempoan
suket jukut
sandhangan raksukan
monitor monitor
brebeg kagandéngan
kembang bunga
pelatian palatihan
esem mesem
kanca kenthel
duratmaka maling
isin isin
inten inten
waduk waduk
sawung jago
dodolan dagangeun
total total
oleh bagéan
gesik keusik
tradisional tradisional
inggil tingkat
kreatif kéréatip
panggonan bumi
tengah tengah
abrit beureum
sumpah jangji
pelem buah
panyumpenan ngimpi
dulur wedet
sultan sultan
omah panyicingan
tekdir nasib
sapi sapi
takdir nasib
kanca rencang
randha randa
pastor pastor
andha tangga
lambe baham
ageman acuk
upah upah
informasi guaran
lindu lini
pangimpen ngimpi
pengawasan monitor
mas aceuk
kanggo paké
bandha modal
pemerintahan pamarã¨ntah
perang galungan
toya banyu
semesta semesta
meloki miluan
pendekar hébat
kubur pusara
hamba abdi
susu susu
kakung jajaka
mak'e ambu
cacing cacing
sekar jiarah
jadwal hajatan
stasiun stasiun
endhas sirah
mangkok basi
program program
petik ala
sumur sumur
cah enom
swarga sawarga
persimpangan simpang
warta warta
filem pilem
awak badan
bokong bujur
kanca balad
kain sinjang
sumringah kaatoh
tentara tantara
paviliun saung
geni seuneu
lare rai
kekajengan napsu
endog endog
komunikasi komunikasi
keraton karaton
kanggo kanggo
dulur rerehan
ijenan sorangan
tukaran papaséaan
aji-aji jampé
jedhing jamban
siaran embar
dadi janten
pangimpen riwan
bokong birit
nuwun permios
pesta pesta
haram haram
sel sél
sikil dampal
dialog paguneman
gulo gula
sedulur wargi
karir karir
besetan raca
kalkun kalkun
lenga minyak
daya kakuatan
pirengan ngadéngé
serbuk bubuk
eyang nini
edisi terbitan
ruh nyawa
mak'e mamah
naskah naskah
kategori macem
catur catur
seda jenat
padharan patuangan
fokus soson-soson
perdagangan padagangan
panggonan rorompok
ember émbér
entuk porsi
jembar lega
kubur kuburan
jiwo jiwa
gol gul
kaplok gebug
roh arwah
slametan acara
mas pun
kangge kanggo
kesepakatan kasepakatan
