golf golep
geter geteran
arak bir
paguyuban paguyuban
mas aceuk
donya dunya
ombean inuman
sirah hulu
arek budak
sikil sampean
warsa taun
daya kakuatan
acar acar
piaraan piaraan
kebutuhan kabutuhan
laboratorium laboratorium
peternakan paternakan
gantolan gantungan
gendakan bobogohan
preman préman
carita serat
kursus les
wit tangkal
waduk waduk
kegesangan kahirupan
kandhang kandang
kenduri hajatan
slametan hajatan
sandera sandra
kosokan kosokeun
lambe baham
mripat soca
senat sénat
data data
fisika fisika
umur yuswa
pegawe kuli
mesem seuri
nasional nasional
bea duit
panuntun pituduh
umum biasa
arek rayi
pesta hajatan
urusan kaperluan
garwa pun
tol tol
ambisi tékad
sederek rerehan
jemparing panah
kain sinjang
bledug saab
ati manah
macem rupi
sultan raja
warata cépér
bayaran gaji
kenduri pesta
ijin ijin
video video
agni seuneu
endhut taneuh
pendekar jawara
carita sajarah
sabun sabun
entuk porsi
saklempakan sakumpulan
ngudak ngaberik
kabel kabel
akses akses
las las
kandidat calon
pastor pastor
bis beus
kerja ihtiar
teknologi téknologi
dana artos
hasrat kahayang
naskah naskah
kamar kamar
kawilujengan kasalametan
pemanah pamanah
desa lembur
jantung manah
bandar agén
pawon pawon
dines dines
arek rai
ambegan napas
gawe damel
bangsa bangsa
pola conto
penampungan panampungan
oyot akar
peserta pamilon
oyot jangkar
sedulur baraya
gepukan babukan
tambang tambang
bea artos
ukara ungkara
takdir titis
piawon kajahatan
mas aa
nomer angka
sawung jawara
grafik grapik
dewean nyalira
surung di-surung
wedhus embé
moyang karuhun
werna warna
wedok bikang
inten inten
sultan sultan
borok budug
pegatan gugatan
misteri misteri
rekaman rekaman
daerah wilayah
eyang nini
urusan kabutuhan
tentara tantara
crita carita
esem seuri
jurusan jurusan
dodolan dagangeun
hawa hawa
lulang kulit
bedhes monyét
kontak kontak
jaket jékét
poto poto
tindak lalampahan
penyerang panyerang
piaraan inguan
toya banyu
lampu lampu
mlampah jalan
celeng bagong
kuli juru
gaun anggoeun
pawon dapur
objek objék
dom jarum
kekarepan tékad
salep salep
asmara parangi
awu saab
lorong gang
pramuka pramuka
klambi acuk
dhuwit harta
sawung jago
kakang raka
laksamana amirulbahar
pemikiran pamikiran
lombok cabé
biola biola
kringet luut-léét
bal bal
ping walungan
penandhing patarung
ugal galak
rundingan obrolan
raka raka
koloni koloni
segara sagara
kanca kentel
panggonan imah
konstruksi konstruksi
komitmen komitmen
kondom kondom
ageman raksukan
sistem sistem
semut sireum
cangkir cangkir
keluputan kasalahan
museum museum
cathetan catetan
kartun kartun
jalur jalur
tetakonan wawancara
psikologi psikologi
babi bagong
sak botol
ketiban katinggang
dana harta
olimpiade olimpiade
komitmen sumpah
lindu lini
turu saré
konsultan konsultan
panginepan panginepan
kalkun kalkun
biskuit kuéh
tembang tembang
upah gajih
bank bank
pusaka pakarang
mak'e indung
kubur kuburan
ketentreman katengtraman
jaran kuda
gething ceuceub
wadon istri
raka lanceuk
ingon piaraan
berkas berkas
sel sél
tirta ci
elmi élmu
asep saab
federisasi organisasi
lem lém
bangsat bandit
embok pun
tengen katuhu
gelas lumur
tukaran pacogregan
kabehane semesta
sawung bisaan
udut rokok
paus paus
gaman pakarang
hadhiah hadiah
bea harta
dulur wedet
ibuk ambu
pantai basisir
solo anggana
pit motor
selambu kulambu
rega harga
kentang kumeli
tiyang sepuh
magang magang
pemandangan tetempoan
kabar warta
ban ban
rai raray
pihak pihak
kode kode
endhas sirah
jatos jati
pesta pesta
kekarepan itikad
minggu minggon
iwak lauk
cek cek
tirta cai
sumringah kagumbiraan
urutan runtuy
arek adi
ali -
tengah tengah
warahi tata
badan badan
utomo utami
wilangan jumlah
miyambakipun média
tubrukan paadu
penjahat durjana
pungkasan paneuri
bapa abah
kangelan kasulitan
cariyos talatah
tungkak keuneung
rasa salera
urip hirup
mas kaka
penjalukan kapalay
kedugen kasumpingan
kesimpulan kacindekan
dewean pribadi
warsa warsih
hobi langen
kuburan kaluat
lugur murag
umur umur
prajurit soldadu
salim salim
pejuang pajoang
tradisi budaya
bahan bahan
garwa salaki
dolanan cocooan
tantangan tangtangan
delta delta
serikat pakumpulan
nuklir nuklir
wadon awéwé
talenan beungkeutan
polisi pulisi
kenduri agénda
ndelosor kusruk
ireng hideung
tukaran papaséaan
lorong lurung
warta warta
kubur pusara
panaliten laratan
wali parwakilan
pakar tukang
daya tanaga
mbareng abreg
dalem imah
rambut buuk
penjalukan itikad
tradisi tabiat
bapak bapa
ageman anggoeun
wakil parwakilan
batin sanubari
jinis seks
mripat panon
bungkus bulen
padang caang
peta péta
kothak pasagi
kacamata tasma
bumi dunya
kewan sato
koin logam
panggung panggung
bajing bajing
koran koran
total total
guyon ocon
dalem bumi
rama abah
pandamel gawéna
pedhes seuhah
hamba kuring
baku lulugu
sumringah kaatoh
gravitasi gravitasi
bledug lebu
kandung kandung
kekajengan kahayang
sukarelawan sukarélawan
manjing damel
elingan émutan
dana duit
mutiara mutiara
cet cét
panggenahan guaran
ngentut puak
akibate efek
tukaran konplik
kanca kentel
kewelasan kahanjelu
benik kancing
homo hama
lanang lalaki
gerbang lawang
obah oyag
seratan catetan
tawang langit
abstrak niskala
ngisoran handapeun
gawe hajat
abu-abu hawuk
rute jalur
gusti gusti
bocah rayi
gulu beuheung
borok raheut
kosokan panyikat
suku cokor
omongan cariosan
sumringah kabingah
kethek monyét
petukan amprok
pemegang panyekel
wedos embé
jus jus
pacoban cocoba
dalan jalanan
kakung pameget
rante rantã¨i
endog endog
inggil tingkat
wedian borangan
jaler pameget
obah galideur
rupa beungeut
bocah murangkalih
ndonor nyumbang
pemandangan pamandangan
mutan mutan
anggen-anggen acuk
akeh loba
band ben
griya rohangan
kemah kémah
roti mari
arek anak
pembates pangwates
piatu pahatu
pacar bebene
udut udud
tirta banyu
penyiar panyiar
nggoleki néangan
dinten dinten
sarjana sarjana
pangarepan harepan
mangan dahar
manjing gawe
padharan beuteung
penggawean kagiatan
mlaku jalan
kabeh kabéh
dlacang keretas
arah arah
aksara pegon
wulu bulu
got solokan
tonggo tangga
ambu bau
jedhing jamban
ciu bir
kanca kenthel
jaler lalaki
adhi rayi
kelawu kulawu
mbahas sawala
demit sétan
amatir mimitian
preian liburan
asosiasi grup
dhadha harigu
merek mérek
bokong birit
biru paul
pandeleng soca
semesta semesta
kekal sainengna
mondok pondok
rembugan jejer
pacoban ujian
sabuk beubeur
talenan sabebedan
gorden kasang
bocah adi
jendelo jandela
suster suster
griya panyicingan
sirah sirah
internal internal
pacoban cocobi
mentok tungtung
perusahaan pausahaan
andha tangga
panggon médan
arsip berkas
kabeh sadayana
cangkir gelas
ndelok tingali
dina dinten
rahasia rasiah
nyowo nyawa
kewontenan kaayaan
perang galungan
asta kokod
alien alien
awu haseup
biaya bayareun
ambisi itikad
guru guru
anggen-anggen anggoeun
pelatih palatih
rencang baturan
beldek guludug
baja malela
kosokan sikat
kekarepan napsu
badan salira
arahno paréntah
wargi babakan
regetan runtah
gulo gula
sandhangan acuk
lengen kokod
bapa bapa
botol botol
gajih gajih
watu batu
klambi raksukan
pacul pacul
asep kebul
werna pulas
kaping tungtung
wewengkon wewengkon
asisten pangbantu
etungan itungan
anugrah kasinugrahan
tekdir nasib
oyot canir
kuburan pajaratan
sregep junun
siaran siaran
séksi saksi
kategori macem
lindu lindu
dugaan tudingeun
bojo salaki
putra adi
cacah jumlah
stasiun stasiun
awak badan
saran bongbolongan
kacung palayan
brebeg kagandéngan
planet planet
wong tuwo
arsip kumpulan
alamat alamat
porno jorang
sesawangan tetempoan
gandulan gantungan
kanca kenthel
panggon tempat
rai pemeunteu
abang beureum
takdir nasib
moto soca
mriyang nyenyepan
pelembung budah
arak alkohol
panyumpenan impi
kain lawon
pitunjuk paréntah
mbahas obrolan
kebektosan kahormatan
padharan lambut
paningal soca
rupo mangrupa
program rarancang
edisi terbitan
teori teori
patung patung
penawar panawar
asmara pande
kakung lalaki
pecandu pacandu
keranjang carangka
andheng karang
kiriman kiriman
pengawasan monitor
bledug haseup
banda banda
mlaku leumpang(jalan
dolanan kaulinan
semesta marcapada
neroko naraka
toko warung
swara sora
sanding gigir
pesta hajat
adus ibak
gandum gandum
kanca baturan
bujangan bujang
kongkonan utusan
dulur rerehan
krungu kadangu
kuli saéhu
slametan hajat
pasokan kiriman
gaun raksukan
panggonan panyicingan
ski ski
ngipat-ipati kutukan
lare rai
gerbang panto
kaping wahangan
tresna nyaah
kolonel kolonel
kanker kanker
gudoan doja
omah imah
kamanunggalan kasatuan
sederek wedet
sasaran inceran
nganggo larapan
mantu minantu
dolan ameng
kabehane sadayana
rakyat rahayat
dialog paguneman
lawang saketeng
kejujuran kajujuran
kapas boeh
mas pun
layang surat
rakyat rakyat
profesor profesor
raka aceuk
tanggal kaping
prungon wartos
sekretaris sekretaris
pajaleran sirit
telpon telepon
studi sakola
padharan patuangan
konspirasi konspirasi
arahno pituduh
nglencer tur
kembang kembang
takar takaran
kaca eunteung
randha randa
ambungan sun
badan diri
nelayan pamayang
kutha kota
sinar sinar
kepurunan kahayang
opera opera
gerbang gapura
tang panyapit
dewean pribados
drakula vampir
mampet buntu
korek korék
keraton karajaan
upacara upacara
gelas gelas
tahanan tahanan
woh buah
persimpangan simpang
jodho jodo
bayaran upah
ngarso kawula
alasan alesan
kanca kentel
argumen pandapat
warga babakan
omah rohangan
komitmen jangji
rundingan cacaritaan
ungu gandaria
mlampah mapah(jalan
ngelatih ngajar
penjara panjara
wedhok bikang
gepukan teunggeulan
departemen departemén
nyoto nyata
aksara wianjana
organisasi paguyuban
roh nyawa
tiyang jalma
lan jeung
basa basa
peserta anu
odhol odol
pajangan pajangan
pertahanan pataneuhan
kubur astana
gendhakan bebene
langgeng langgeng
monitor monitor
manuk manuk
ijenan nyalira
kargo momotan
juri juri
bojo pun
kanti nepi
wong jelema
sedulur rerehan
ngelatih ngalatih
prajurit prajurit
piatu piatu
sederek karabat
label labél
omongan sawala
memori kaã¨mutan
asta panangan
rekening rekening
hidayah ucapan
ngimpi impi
njogedan tandakan
kontrak kontrak
lanang pameget
mbahas cacariosan
prungon béja
penyerangan nyerangan
pirengan ngadéngé
kongkonan parwakilan
siaran embar
kimia kimia
kapak baliung
kanca kenthel
garasi garasi
buruh pagawé
apel apel
wicalan itungan
formasi susunan
dunga du'a
bayu angin
matematika matã¨matika
sumringah kabungah
pesenan pesenan
racun racun
perang gelut
inggil luhur
andha tarajé
pangimpen riwan
komisi komisi
weteng beuteung
ula oray
cangkem sungut
alangan hahalang
rahasia rusiah
kabar sajarah
terbuko ablag
pirengan dangu
lembar kebet
tekdir takdir
kaping walungan
bengi wengi
kuburan astana
garwa pamajikan
kahuripan kahirupan
kasur kasur
terminal terminal
sandiworo carita
kanggo paké
peramal dukun
emak ibu
montor mobil
keranjang tolombong
tunggalan kalangan
jadwal acara
ati ati
emas emas
utek uteuk
lawas heubeul
internet internet
wadon bikang
arga gunung
kidal kédé
raka kaka
wadhah wadah
kartu kartu
genjong ais
panentrem panenang
payung payung
ageman acuk
duratmaka maling
cara cara
memori memori
obah embut
susu susu
kakung bujang
sedulur wedet
ukuran kadar
kakung jajaka
kirik anjing
bantal anggel
koridor koridor
rundingan sawala
buku buku
demit jurig
ulah raga
mas lanceuk
gething mikangéwa
pelet pélét
mak'e ema
keajuran kahancuran
sutra sutra
kategori rupa
pager kuta
omah rorompok
praja wewengkon
wisa warangan
gol gul
ajur ruksak
dhuwit artos
pang catang
partai partai
simbol tanda
deputi députi
esem mesem
gegayuhan impenan
bisul gambuh
kubur pajaratan
pacoban cobian
sandhangan raksukan
majaa jilid
warung toko
arsip arsip
madu madu
menowo kamungkinan
mlampah leumpang(jalan
sak kantong
panyumpenan ngimpi
kalung kongkorong
tekdir kulak
lomba balap
pin bros
bangga agul
morotuwo mitoha
suket jukut
wulan sasih
kekajengan itikad
ibuk mamah
piring piring
kanca rencang
ongko nomer
pangimpen impi
serum ramuan
paku paku
gelut jurit
haram haram
nerbitake medar
mutlak pasti
kekendhelan kawani
gesik keusik
jarak jarak
sandhangan anggoeun
tawon tawon
remi kartu
ngaso istirahat
kekajengan tékad
awak diri
prakiraan sangkaan
kaplok gebug
sirah mastaka
mesem gelenyu
kerja bisnis
awan beurang
jurang jungkrang
usia umur
jarene ceuk
dodolan icaleun
cacing cacing
jurang jurang
label tanda
keponakan alo
koin récéh
amatir anyaran
pengawasan pangawasan
sosial sosial
listrik listrik
kompetisi kompetisi
kebon kebon
otot otot
zat jat
abu-abu abu-abu
luguran ragragan
suku sampean
buroh kuli
sesepuh kokolot
ucapan ucapeun
fokus soson-soson
lugur ragrag
menungso manusa
kesepakatan kasepakatan
tekdir titis
cocog tanding
pendekar hébat
roh arwah
daging daging
bandhing banding
ngapusi wadul
ongko angka
hotel hotel
ambisi kapalay
resiko mamala
kanggo eukeur
kertu kartu
penipu tukang
musuh musuh
ngimpi ngimpi
gebug teunggeul
layar layar
joged ngigel
durung pakar
gerpu garpuh
dalu wengi
ahli saéhu
kakang aa
alangan wagel
kreatif kéréatip
tanggal tanggal
keraton karaton
tembang nyanyaian
elingan kaémutan
kucing ucing
gudang gudang
kaset kasét
usaha usaha
mejo meja
oleh bagéan
bos dunungan
permen permén
nafsu itikad
kekaisaran kakaisaran
umum umum
gembok borgol
bangku korsi
lare rayi
kiriman kikirim
parasit mangandeuh
jaler jajaka
kakang lanceuk
rojo sultan
hiu hiu
uskup uskup
agensi agénsi
babad warta
pelem buah
pangalang hahalang
wedok nyai
kulkas kulkas
lenga minyak
wedok mojang
bendungan waduk
nduwe gaduh
liting grup
wayahe giliran
sepurane hampura
irung pangambeu
bea acis
cithak citak
generator jénsét
wong tuwo
sosok sosok
seratan seratan
sekar kembang
getih getih
wisa racun
menawi kamungkinan
gelas basi
banjir caah
paduko kangjeng
objek obyék
agenda hajat
putra rayi
mentok walungan
wengi peuting
gusti pangéran
radio radio
jurnal jurnal
sederek baraya
maklumat tulisan
serbuk bubuk
prayaan acara
lare murangkalih
umpan eupan
cangkrang kuris
kekarepan kahoyong
sederek wargi
blumbang balong
aksara aksara
taneman tutuwuhan
fakta kanyataan
wartawan wartawan
penthung tongkat
bocah rai
alas leuweung
karet karét
mbah nini
perak pérak
gawean jieunan
sisih kidul
wedok awéwé
kakang pun
toyan papang
jembar lega
srengenge panonpoé
organisasi grup
ngenteni antos
permanen tetep
puteh bodas
sepatu sapatu
pangucapan logat
tiyang jalmi
kekendelan kawani
rupa pemeunteu
banteng bénténg
laporan laporan
nyebrang meuntas
kepitadosan kayakinan
simah salaki
komputer komputer
kubur kaluat
bandhulan aayunan
topi topi
tanggal kaping
gerobak roda
ndhuwur jangkung
pahlawan pahlawan
serikat sarikat
asmara asmara
piaraan piaraan
piaraan ingu.
tamu sémah
ijenan sorangan
tandha sinyal
ngaleh ngalih
ambisi kahayang
bandhulan ayunan
edisi edisi
wargi nu
biksu wiku
upah upah
sensor sénsor
nada nada
tagihan tagiheun
administrasi administrasi
mak'e ibu
tembang lagu
medan médan
garapan tugas
semprotan panyemprot
bujangan pameget
pecut pecut
korsi korsi
sumringah kabungahan
koncoan ngababaturan
ruangan rohangan
undangan ondangan
jaler bujang
dewean sorangan
slametan acara
buntut buntut
sarapan mumuluk
paviliun saung
petinju patinju
bandhit bandit
gedhang cau
jemek biyé
wisa peurah
umum lumrah
guyonan hereuy
tangki téngki
kulkas lomari
gembok blenggu
tikus beurit
nglarang wagel
banda pakaya
sukmo roh
wali utusan
duso kalepatan
langit langit
ukuran titis-tulis
jurnalis wartawan
pengalaman kanyaho
gawe hajatan
pelindung nu
beluk lebu
ngapura hampura
pacar kabogoh
irung pangambung
ban kikiping
kargo kargo
putra rai
lenga lisah
berkas polder
sarang sarang
kongkonan wawakil
cangkem baham
catur catur
tiyang jelema
durung pakar
awisan nawaran
omongan cacariosan
besetan raca
pinggir ujung
kesenengan karesep
bos pingpininan
petir kilat
soal soal
takar dosis
urutan untuy
silihan injeuman
umat umat
ngawasi pangawasan
seganten sagara
peserta anu
dowo paos
taksi taksi
kiriman pasokan
roksoso buta
bisul raheut
jemek emoy
abot ampeg
ati jajantung
kamar kobong
wabah pagebug
langgeng sainengna
sederek dulur
sarapan sasarap
swarga sawarga
peri peri
perdagangan paicalan
putra budak
panggonan bumi
teroris téroris
filem pilem
pulau pulo
ndonor mikeun
sing nggawe
pak lek
turangga kuda
sapu sapu
sesawangan pamandangan
perairan pacaian
kabar wawaran
topeng kedok
pakar juru
tang tang
siaran embaran
dalem rorompok
jin jin
peteng poék
pojokan juru
kanca sumitra
penjalukan kahoyong
panggenahan wawaran
sumur sumur
legi amis
janji jangji
jarak anggang
panyambung panghubung
peramal jalmi
perdagangan padagangan
paguyuban grup
watesan batas
pak lek
prakiraan kintenan
pengalaman pangalaman
putra anak
segitiga sagitiga
pembates penghalang
wakil utusan
urusan priyogi
sawung hébat
tresna asih
kekarepan kahayang
jendral jenderal
mak'e ambu
toya cai
hamba abdi
kaisar sultan
ibuk indung
teh téh
mulut baham
panaliten panalitian
sisih no
nyambut gawe
got got
medan enggon
gudoan rongrong
obahan gerakan
seneng resep
karbon karbon
tresno resep
pesta acara
gelut pacogregan
sultan kaisar
asep lebu
maksude amrih
hasrat tékad
pameran paméran
kapur apu
kode isarat
ruh nyawa
sing duwe
ponakan alo
koordinat koordinat
resep rumus
mas raka
biji siki
dulur wargi
kekarepan kapalay
komandan komandan
duratmaka bangsat
kawontenan kaayaan
toya ci
padu pacogregan
mangkok basi
tambahan tambahan
jemparing jamparing
untu huntu
istana karaton
sumpah sumpah
lare budak
rembulan bulan
kangge kanggo
kakang kaka
asep haseup
keledai bigal
suku suku
ruh arwah
ekspedisi lalampahan
gerbang gerbang
mental méntal
mbiyen baheula
kunci konci
kegagalan kagagalan
tong dreum
besetan gorétan
bagean sawareh
mbak yu
ali -
maklumat wawaran
bocah anak
program program
tampil lalajoaneun
domba gibas
cariyos carios
ember émbér
sesepuh pangkolotna
dulur karabat
informasi guaran
puncak puncak
ngentut bobos
mitos mitos
prajurit sersan
jet jã¨t
ngawasi monitor
pendukung pangarojong
godhong enom
tombo ubar
tradisional tradisional
anggaran anggaran
tentreman katengtreman
agenda agénda
nuwun permios
meloki miluan
gendhakan kabogoh
donat donat
beluk haseup
kathok calana
bisu pireu
kekal salawasna
menungso jalmi
komunikasi komunikasi
dendha dengda
surung surung
kanca kenthel
sukmo arwah
cekelan cekelan
siswo murid
mak'e mamah
panel panél
sukmo nyawa
ponsel telepon
garis gurat
wujud mangrupa
kenduri acara
truk treuk
cah budak
logam kencring
besetan guratan
banyu cai
reuni reuni
kanggo kanggo
duso kasalahan
kampus kampus
prasaan raraosan
tindak perjalanan
tampil tampil
naga naga
hasrat kahoyong
perlindungan panangtayungan
malaikat malaikat
manajemen manajemen
perkakas parabot
turah sesa
rojo raja
moyang luluhur
biji peunteun
alangan harungan
kedhuwuren kajangkungan
germo germo
pigora pigura
plat pelat
wengi wengi
penyakit panyakit
argumen pamadegan
pendekar jago
korupsi korupsi
hasrat napsu
pengadilan pangadilan
kedokteran kadokteran
bondo pakaya
agenda acara
dalem panyicingan
insting insting
driji ramo
panginepan pangrereban
bapak apa
kesimpulan kasimpulan
ajaran ajaran
jenius jenius
tiba labuh
pribadi nyalira
ngelak halabhab
puteran puteran
kerja usaha
panaliten raratan
rompi rompi
turunane seuweu-siwi
hasrat itikad
wates wates
kakang akang
laptop laptop
benang bola
tang catut
lemah lemah
kamar pangkeng
prasaan rarasaan
sikil dampal
gerobak gorobag
mesem mesem
geguritan ugeran
roh roh
kiyanat pangheanat
karate karate
bujangan lalaki
aji-aji jampé
pejabat pajabat
gas gas
nyambut gawe
cakar kaut
lapangan lapang
opsir opsir
drajad darajat
kelepatan kalepatan
petik ala
prungon larap
dewan wawakil
kebekten kahormatan
pegatan pepegatan
seragam saragam
badan awak
serangga gegemetan
komik komik
nafsu kahoyong
pepadha tatangga
arek murangkalih
politisi pulitisi
daya tanagi
padhemen panggemar
gawe pesta
awang-awang kintenan
sarung sarung
mayit layon
sistem sistim
mode mode
narapidana narapidana
pangimpen ngimpi
klub klub
ping wahangan
nafsu napsu
